Hi once again I'm Sue Rose with Expert Village
we've done our sky and our green hill and
our water and now we're going in to do the
details on our boat. I'm still using the number
30 brush and I'm still leaving the white of
the paper for my sails so I dip my brush in
the water and I'm going to start here with
my blue from my boat going very carefully.
I'm going to do this dark boat here because
one's in front of the other and things get
darker as they get further further from you,
so the boat behind the behind boat should
always be darker than anything in the foreground.
And I'm going to lift up some of the blue
with my brush on this to make sure that it's
lighter than the boat behind it, so begin
to put our blue for our boats in
and I'm going to
take this and I'm going to do this little
strip here on this sail. And this one over
here has a strip too and I think I'll add
one on this little boat right here as well,
stay tune for next segment when we'll put
in our red and do our final details on this.